To enable method‑level security,
we want to open up our configuration, and we're going to do that by
opening up src, main, java, our com.pluralsight.conference package, and
then open up our ConferenceSecurityConfig.
I'm going to make this full screen so that we can see it a little easier. At
the top of our class, we have two annotations already.
We have our Configuration annotation and our EnableWebSecurity annotation.
We want to give ourselves a little space underneath that, and add one more
annotation that is @EnableGlobalMethodSecurity, and we can, by default, just
add that annotation like this, but we can actually specify the attributes we
want to enable and disable inside of here.
So, I'm going to add some parentheses in there, and inside of
here, we can choose to have the prePostEenabled = true, we can
also have securedEnabled = true.
And you'll notice that as I'm typing these in, all of these, by default, were
set to false, and so adding these in here is what is going to turn on these
individual features because just adding that annotation by itself, everything
was still set to false. And then lastly,
we'll add the jsr250Enabled = true as well.
Now we have our closing parentheses, everything's good inside of here.
That's actually all we had to do to configure our application to
turn on the global method security, and part of the reason for that
is that we already have these annotations added to our project
through our Maven configuration.
So it didn't require us to add anything additional to our
project, just add this to our configuration. Let's look at how we tweak our method now to access and enable the security.